# Welcome to My Laboratory/Restaurant           
I need a space to mark down my scattered imagination for integration in the future.         

## My Github         

_I live in two series of grammars, the HTML and the markdown. The third space is the intersection union of the HTML grammar and the markdown grammar. Related to different grammars, I have different ways to present my story, which can be shown as below:_           

      
When you create a CNAME file and then post your Github blog to the public website, you would have two methods to create an admitted path for visitors to read your individual blog.= visitors could have two available paths to read your individual blog.           
        
One available path is the url generated by the system attached with the step that you created the CNAME file. This is a normal and holonomic process, in which the url would open the whole repository firstly and present a page with the kernel based on the information you editted in the README file. And the layout and the theme of this page would depend on _ _config.yml_ file. The advantage of this method is the decoration. But the disadvantage is that when I add a picture to the README file obeying the markdown grammar, the picture could not be loaded in the page attached with the url, though it can be shown in the README file. Only with the base64 code of the picture embedded into README file can the picture be shown in the final page (curiously we cannot load the picture in the README file when we use the base64 code). But as you know, a base64 code of a picture have a significantly long length, which would take up many areas of the layout and is not easy to edit. I guess that when using this method, there exists a carrier of the page in the repository level, defaulted to serve for the master branch. This carrier operates normally based on the grammar of HTML, while the README file mostly depends on the markdown grammar, for which some incompatible issues would come out. The base64 code should be categorised in the HTML grammar, and the general format embedding a picture to a README file should be categorised in the markdown grammar.                         
        
Another available path is directly using the link of the README file, which can be copied from the address when finishing commiting changes. When using this method, we would allow readers to visit the README page directly skipping over the repository. The README page is basically narrated in markdown grammar, for which some operations using in HTML may not make sense in this method, like embedding a picture with 64base code, middling funt, etc. Besides, some configurations of the website layout cannnot be shown when visiting the README page directly. But the advantage is that embedding picture via markdown format (which is available in README page other than the outer website of the wole repository) is more convenient to edit, for which I tend to choose this option when I write the periodical blogs.                  

**Due to the different levels of the carriers of the master page and their usage of different grammars, a picture embedded in the README file can merely shown either in the README page or in the outer page of the whole repository with the url attached to the creation of a CNAME file.**          
       
## Mathematics and Computing      
         
### Linear Algebra         
I tend to understand the product among matrixes or between a matrix and a vector with eigen-equations. This is also the way that helps me to figure the diagonalization of matrixes in another perspective. 

## Musotrees         
This email may be another useless attempt to track my dreamed characters.    
        
        
